---
layout: post
title:  "Making a PCB board"
date:   2023-08-23
categories: jekyll update
image: Week-2w.png
---

### The general steps
- start the computer and look for a mouse
- Deattach the whole door from the machine, turn on the light switch on the right side 
- Take a milling bit from the left side - you have different measurements, choose the one you need. Use the milling bits with care, they are quite expensive. In this step by step guide I first milled the traces and then the outline. This means that you first take a milling bit of .4 mm or .2 mm. After that you change the milling bit to .8 or 1 mm.
- Turn on the machine. When you do so, the milling bit moves over to the right side upper corner
- Go to the computer (when autenticator thing pops up, click 3x cancel)
- To design your electronics, use kicat. You always design an outline and the traces of your PCB. 
- Go to modsproject.org while using chrome > right click > programms > open programm > you see all kinds of premade options for machines > choose Roland MDX mill PCB > Tehn all kinds of modules appear > these modules can convert PNG images into something the machine can mill > You read the module from left to right. So we start at the left > select PNG file > When the image selected you see your design > check if the dpi is on 5000 > webserial and get device (rightbottom) > you get a pop up to connect to a serial port > scroll down > usb serial controller D > connect 
- Go to the machine. You are in home position > you need to point 0 on the X & Y axes > press view > click on computer: move to viewpoint > move to the bottom left of where you want to start your design. You can do this by changing the x and y axes in the Moland MDX/ umbrella on your computer> now you can lower the bit. Don't use the -z and +z axes on the computer, but use the ones on the machine 
- Make sure to put the cut speed on 4 and the jog z on 2
- Once you've found a spot that you are content with, you change the milling bit (see the steps under changing the milling bit)
- When the milling bit is changed, you need to cut the traces of your PCB. The PCB is the copper plate on which you can solder a chip. When you want to cut the traces you go to the computer > go to mill all traces > mill raster 2D > tool diameter > write the right size of your bit > cut dept > around 0.1 mm/0.003 inch > Max dept > is the same as the cut dept (unless you are cutting multiple layers) > offset number 4 > offset stepover 0.5 > directon clim > path merge 1 > Now press calculate > go to web serial > send file
- Now put back the cover over the machine to minimize noise. If you see dusty lines appear, you are doing good!
- When the machine is done, you need to vaccuum away the copper dust (use the vaccuum on the right side) 
- Now we need to cut the outline the pcb (on a pcb you can solder a chip). For cutting the outline you always use .8 or 1 mm its. For cutting the traces, this depends, I recommend using .4 mm. This meant we need to change the bit again from .4 mm to .8 or 1 mm. 
- Now you select the png file of the outline
- SET PCB defaults > mill outline > ill raster 3D > change the bit size > cut depth 0.6 > max depth 1,7 mm > now it will cut the ouline in 3 times (.6, .6 and .5). By doing this you won't murder the bit (cutting 1,7 mm depth in one go with a .8 milling bit is not gonna make the milling bit last). Make sure then when cutting the outline your max depth is 1 mm less then the actual dept of your copper board. 
- press calculate > when everything is correct again you press send file
- When you have cutted the traces and the outline, you take out the bed with a flat screwdriver
- If it wiggles a littlebit, you can take it out and it is cutted correctly. 

### General notes
- Note: if you export from kicat to illustrator, you need to put the BPI - 72
- To pause always press view
- If it does not go through all the way you need it means that you did not put the bit on the board but a little to much upward. FOr this you need to hold up & down at the same time until the blue light starts blinking. Now you refresh the page on your computer an go through all the steps again. 

### Changing the milling bit
- move the milling bit up with the machine buttons until you clearly see imperial written
- Change via the screw with the red circle. hold the bit with 2 fingers and unscrew the screw (not fully just a little untill the it gets loose)
- Now you push the new bit in as much as you can and you tighten it again with the screw
- Now move the bit all the way down and then up a little (5 mm). 
- Now you hold the milling bit and unscrew the screw again, do this gently! Otherwise you will destroy the milling bit. When the end of the milling bit is on the copper, you can screw it tight again. By doing this you are manually fixing the Z-axis of the machine. You can wiggle/turn and tiwst the bit a littlebit to make sure that the z axis is correct.

