pages/graduation-information.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Graduation information
permalink: /graduation-information
---
On this page you can find all the official documents regarding my graduation.  

|Graduation documents semester 8| |
|----------|----------| 
|Graduation manual sem 8| [Click here](../../assets/nonimg/graduation-info-manual-sem8.pdf) to download the file.|
|Graduation timeline| [Click here](../../assets/nonimg/internship-info-timeline.png) to download the file.|
|Concept check sem 8 presentation| [Click here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1vFodQ1glvVmcF-5hzmwbFup0p4GPKvkI/edit?usp=drive_link&ouid=117429730282650331398&rtpof=true&sd=true) to download the file.|


|Graduation documents semester 7| |
|----------|----------| 
|Graduation manual sem 7| [Click here](../../assets/nonimg/graduation-info-manual-sem7.pdf) to download the file.|
|Textile track lessonplan sem 7| [Click here](../../assets/nonimg/graduation-info-lesson-plan-textile-sem7.pdf) to download the file.|
|Motivation letter De Waag| [Click here](../../assets/nonimg/internship-info-motivation-letter.docx) to download the file.|
|Graduation timeline| [Click here](../../assets/nonimg/internship-info-timeline.png) to download the file.|
|Concept check sem 7 presentation| [Click here](../../assets/nonimg/graduation-info-presentation-concept-check-sem7.pptx) to download the file.|
|Product check sem 7 presentation| [Click here](../../assets/nonimg/graduation-info-presentation-product-check-sem7.pptx) to download the file.|
|Red/Green check sem 7 presentation| [Click here](../../assets/nonimg/graduation-info-presentation-redgreen-check-sem7.pptx) to download the file.|
|Red/Green check self-assessment sem 7| [Click here](../../assets/nonimg/graduation-info-self-assessment-form.pdf) to download the file.|
|Summary of the documentation page| [Click here](../../assets/nonimg/internship-info-summary-of-documentation.pdf) to download the file.|
|Introduction letter project| [Click here](../../assets/nonimg/graduation-introduction-letter-sem7.pdf) to download the file.|

Commit message:

Almost last changes final assessment

pages/graduation-information.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Graduation information
permalink: /graduation-information
---
On this page you can find all the official documents regarding my graduation.  

|Graduation documents semester 8| |
|----------|----------| 
|Graduation manual sem 8| [Click here](../../assets/nonimg/graduation-info-manual-sem8.pdf) to download the file.|
|Graduation timeline| [Click here](../../assets/nonimg/internship-info-timeline.png) to download the file.|
|Concept check sem 8 presentation| [Click here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1vFodQ1glvVmcF-5hzmwbFup0p4GPKvkI/edit?usp=drive_link&ouid=117429730282650331398&rtpof=true&sd=true) to download the file.|
|Interim check sem 8 presentation| [Click here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1HOw1iUpmrOSYbyid221GYcHl7a391Fc4/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=117429730282650331398&rtpof=true&sd=true) to download the file.|
|Red/Green check sem 8 presentation| [Click here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1R8-Jkrto2_s0rOJLl6KUvcrfLyFg8POr/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=117429730282650331398&rtpof=true&sd=true) to download the file.|
|Red/Green check sem 8 self assessment form| [Click here](../../assets/nonimg/graduation-info-self-assessment-form-sem-8-rg.pdf) to download the file.|
|Final assessment sem 8 presentation| [Click here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1R8-Jkrto2_s0rOJLl6KUvcrfLyFg8POr/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=117429730282650331398&rtpof=true&sd=true) to download the file.|
|Final assessment sem 8 self assessment form| [Click here](../../assets/nonimg/graduation-info-self-assessment-form-sem8-final.pdf) to download the file.|
|Introduction letter project| [Click here](../../assets/nonimg/graduation-introduction-letter-sem7.pdf) to download the file.|


|Graduation documents semester 7| |
|----------|----------| 
|Graduation manual sem 7| [Click here](../../assets/nonimg/graduation-info-manual-sem7.pdf) to download the file.|
|Textile track lessonplan sem 7| [Click here](../../assets/nonimg/graduation-info-lesson-plan-textile-sem7.pdf) to download the file.|
|Motivation letter De Waag| [Click here](../../assets/nonimg/internship-info-motivation-letter.docx) to download the file.|
|Graduation timeline| [Click here](../../assets/nonimg/internship-info-timeline.png) to download the file.|
|Concept check sem 7 presentation| [Click here](../../assets/nonimg/graduation-info-presentation-concept-check-sem7.pptx) to download the file.|
|Product check sem 7 presentation| [Click here](../../assets/nonimg/graduation-info-presentation-product-check-sem7.pptx) to download the file.|
|Red/Green check sem 7 presentation| [Click here](../../assets/nonimg/graduation-info-presentation-redgreen-check-sem7.pptx) to download the file.|
|Red/Green check self-assessment sem 7| [Click here](../../assets/nonimg/graduation-info-self-assessment-form.pdf) to download the file.|
|Summary of the documentation page| [Click here](../../assets/nonimg/internship-info-summary-of-documentation.pdf) to download the file.|
|Introduction letter project| [Click here](../../assets/nonimg/graduation-introduction-letter-sem7.pdf) to download the file.|
